---
layout: post
title: Welcome Back 2021/2022!
author: Teresa Toohill
tags:
  - announcement
hero: https://source.unsplash.com/collection/145103/
overlay: green
published: true
---
{: .lead}
<!–-break-–>

Welcome to/welcome back to MSOE for this (hopefully) more normal school year! After a year of video calls and struggling to get connection (internet or person-to-person), we’re excited to meet you all face-to-face. As you all are likely aware, MSOE has its challenges. But never fear, SSE is here! We cannot wait to work with you to prove that while school here can be hard, it can also be so rewarding and informative.

We’d love to see you at one of our General Meetings! We will have three total General Meetings this quarter during weeks 3, 5, and 8 during free hour on Fridays. Join us for our first meeting to get free food, hear about our sub clubs, find out about our events, and more! We will be meeting this Friday, September 24th, in DH 310. Can’t wait to see you there!

Following that, our Mock Whiteboard Interviews will be held after the Career Fair in the coming weeks. At this event, you will be able to drop in for a technical interview with actual industry representatives. This event is great to show off your coding skills and build that professional muscle! Some have even gotten internships and jobs from these events. Who knows… that could be you!

Back from last year, come unwind from the stress of MSOE with our periodic Game Nights! Here you can have fun with others, continue your gaming passion (or obsession), test your trivia knowledge, and more. 

New this year… be on the lookout for our study nights! Meet up with your fellow classmates to get some homework done, take a crack at those ever long labs, or simply get a space to focus. 

Hope you’re excited as much as we are! SSE is here to make it a great year socially, academically, and professionally.

Want to stay in touch? Join our Slack [here](https://msoe-sse.slack.com), Discord[here](https://discord.gg/KxuYazNmuQ), and MSTeams team [here](https://teams.microsoft.com/l/team/19%3a038fecd33eb040aabd4821df0fabf907%40thread.tacv2/conversations?groupId=841726d7-4db7-4143-8526-c837d6998beb&tenantId=4046ceac-fdd3-46c9-ac80-b7c4a49bab70). 
